Change AVX2/512 kernel infrastructure for additional gate/generator operations (#404)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane-lightning: pennylane_lightning/src/gates/cpu_kernels/avx_common/README.md

> # Implementation of PennyLane-Lightning AVX2/512 kernels

Reviewer: It would be great if you could provide complete and explicit examples, for each method, and how they come together.

Reviewer: You can choose some small cases and show the process step-by-step.

Author: I used documentation to explain more details: https://docs.pennylane.ai/projects/lightning/en/stable/avx_kernels/implementation.html. Do you think we still need to add more explanation here?

Each gate operation is implemented in a class with a corresponding name. For example, SWAP operation is implemented in `ApplySwap` class defined in [ApplySwap.cpp](ApplySwap.cpp) file. 

> Depending on the wires gates apply to, we use two (for single-qubit operations), three (for symmetric two-qubit operators), and four (for non-symmetric two-qubit operators) functions to implement each gate.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Depending on the wires the gates apply to, we use two (for single-qubit operations), three (for symmetric two-qubit operators), and four (for non-symmetric two-qubit operators) functions to implement each gate.
```

> For single-qubit operations, functions `applyInternal` corresponds to intra-register gate operations  and `applyExternal` corresponds to inter-register gate operations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For single-qubit operations, the functions named `applyInternal` correspond to intra-register gate operations and those named `applyExternal` correspond to inter-register gate operations.
```

For two-qubit operations, we have `applyInternalInternal` (both wires act internally), `applyInternalExternal` (control wire acts internally whereas target wire acts externally), `applyExternalInternal` (target wire acts internally whereas control wire acts externally), and `applyExternalExternal` (both wires act externally).

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> Most cases, we implement a gate operation by splitting it into permutations, multiplications, and summations. These operations are translated into intrinsics in the compile time using C++ template mechanism.

Reviewer 3: Thanks for the clarification here.

> Most cases, we implement a gate operation by splitting it into permutations, multiplications, and summations. These operations are translated into intrinsics in the compile time using C++ template mechanism.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In most cases, we implement a gate operation by splitting it into permutations, multiplications, and summations. These operations are translated into intrinsics at compile time using the C++ template mechanism.
```

> Permutations and factors for multiplications are often obtained from functions. Those functions are named by concatenating the function name it is called with `Permutation` or `Factor`. For example, `applyInternalInternalPermuation` returns a permutation that is required for `applyInternalInternal` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Permutations and factors for multiplications are often obtained from functions. Those functions are named by concatenating the function name it is called with `Permutation` or `Factor`. For example, `applyInternalInternalPermutation` returns a permutation that is required for `applyInternalInternal` function.
```

> Permutations and factors for multiplications are often obtained from functions. Those functions are named by concatenating the function name it is called with `Permutation` or `Factor`. For example, `applyInternalInternalPermutation` returns a permutation that is required for `applyInternalInternal` function.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Permutations and factors for multiplications are often obtained from functions. Those functions are named by concatenating the function name with `Permutation` or `Factor`. For example, `applyInternalInternalPermutation` returns a permutation that is required for an `applyInternalInternal` function.
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> See [the document](https://docs.pennylane.ai/projects/lightning/en/stable/avx_kernels/implementation.html) for details of the implementation.

Reviewer 2: :+1:

Author: :+1:
